style: change `localhost` to `127.0.0.1` (#1269)
latticexyz/mud: packages/services/README.md

  port: 6060
```

> 7. If you're running with the default 127.0.0.1 / `31337` chain, make sure there is a local node running for the chain you want to connect to. For example, a hardhat node or an anvil node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. If you're running with the default `foundry` / `31337` chain, make sure there is a local node running for the chain you want to connect to. For example, a hardhat node or an anvil node.
```
